Hello again.
So no we have some Haast busy line and we can connect to E6 I host one of those baseliner and then check
the compatibility or compliance with those hostages life.
It's like what we did with the host profiled we connect to host provider and check if they are compliant
or not.
So the same we can't do it.
We do have a baseline of updates.
Then we have some baseline group if we want to create some specification group etc. to do same as the
host line just use it by them troll a group then we have V.M. baseline that is information about virtual
machine you see virtual machine updates to latticed then VM Where had the war upgrade the end of VM
were to upgrade too much to host this one about the vitriol appliance upgrade it's about individual
planes the individual machine hardware upgrade.
That's mean you upgrade the driver of the hardware.
There were two holes to upgrade to much of the house.
This is information about the VM were true that's unstarted into different virtual machine you can upgrade
to them where to do this information of course you can get details about them.
Then the same we have busline group then have a do E6 I would imagine this is a very useful tool that's
mean if you want to upgrade from five point five to six or to 6.5 you don't need to do it manually you
simply import the ISO image of Isak's light you see right there.
You can upgrade multiple hosts of different pension simultaneously by using an image upload only.
I image that you will use is the browser button below to select.
I imagine which you want is not some important are large and might take several months.
Then of course your browser to upload is a moderator.
Then he would automatically evacuates the vitriol machine from that host and update the effects I host.
They actually from the master of the house.
Then we'll reboot it is x I host we do new version.
So this is on this tool you can use it to upgrade your dependence is it create a host.
But of course you should be careful when you will migrate your virtual machine etc. then we box it sitting
right where we have network connectivity that's mean the connectivity between this fear updates manager
and the center server.
It is already configured because from the vision 5:06 it's configured to connect between the center
server and the update manager.
So we don't need to change any time right here because it is allowed to exist.
How does it that is all the hostname for the parts store and store the update into recentre server then
the server port and port for client communication with updates manager server.
Then we have done a lot sitting down long sitting.
Hey check it connectivity to get information from this link.
Here we have a difference.
You're about to do updates available that download the page of the updates you see download so download
new page and visit appliance upgrade either at intervals PCF it in download skiddoo or immediate by
clicking download now button.
That's when you click download button now and you will download different and I'll be able to get do
a different bait update how do you check the difference you are l the Haast updates from the VM where
the dot.com software et cetera.
We have the app update et cetera.
And then of course you can it it does you harm by clicking it there then you can for example challenge
any of them by default.
You can't delete them.
You can't just disable it then you can add for example if you have the HP Service you can get our updated
driver from the HP by searching in Google about your end the update manager of HP on them or you can
establish contacts.
Wonder service to give you the different you had for.
Do hardware updates and the software update.
If for example the plugging for hardware monitor etc. you can get to them right here and attempt to
do list.
For example if you have a core hardware you can get updates from Cisco Dell of course a shared repository
of our shared repository for a of the central server.
You can write right then then we have the proxy.
If you use a proxy in your environment you need to add the proxy writer used a proxy.
For example a proxy for the update for connection to the network etc..
But of course when you are the deuce your end of the search space you need to enable those in your firewall.
If you have firewall security that disable any connection and only allow some specific it yourself you
need to up to list in firewall to allow the center server the upgrade manager to be able to connect
to the network and specifically traduce you are l.
Then we have to download schedule to get specification time to download enables you to download Yes
task named VM where respire update manager update download task description frequently daily blast around
Inconel.
Next around will be the next day in the morning so we can see this option.
We can disable reschedule download and we back to the download setting and do it manually or we enable
it to use it like that next day and give it our task name.
So when you all check your log file you'll find that you have VM were updates manager.
Then you can chance the specification time by doing daily or weekly or monthly or how specific each
time or in this specific time or around no.
So you can't it's Aldo's information.
Next day when you're finished editing didn't have that notification check skittle to get an education.
So next we'll completes the other posting we have soon the next.